<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/><title>Yanyan&#x27;s Wiki</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/katex@0.16.9/dist/katex.min.css"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.6.0/styles/default.min.css"/><meta name="next-head-count" content="5"/><link rel="preload" href="../../_next/static/css/e993edd6a18ef4f0.css" as="style"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_next/static/css/e993edd6a18ef4f0.css" data-n-g=""/><noscript data-n-css=""></noscript><script defer="" nomodule="" src="../../_next/static/chunks/polyfills-c67a75d1b6f99dc8.js"></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/webpack-f73d82589f972e7d.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/framework-66d32731bdd20e83.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/main-3929bf55b0f13a18.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/pages/_app-00b06920b385caf1.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/pages/[[...index]]-877ec949b69be209.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/a2FwJzUPGFGc0QcwaUr13/_buildManifest.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/a2FwJzUPGFGc0QcwaUr13/_ssgManifest.js" defer=""></script></head><body><div id="__next"><div class="bg-slate-300/10"><div class="sticky top-0 z-40 w-full backdrop-blur flex-none border-b border-slate-900/10 bg-white/75 supports-backdrop-blur:bg-white/60"><div class="max-w-8xl mx-auto"><div class="py-4 border-b border-slate-900/10 lg:px-8 lg:border-0 dark:border-slate-300/10 mx-4 lg:mx-0"><div class="relative flex items-center"><a href="../../index.html">Yanyan&#x27;s wiki</a><form class="text-xs text-slate-500"> for <input type="text" name="token" class="font-mono text-xs w-16" maxLength="8"/></form><div class="relative hidden lg:flex items-center ml-4 pl-4 border-l"><nav class="text-sm leading-6 font-semibold text-slate-700 dark:text-slate-200"><ul class="flex space-x-8"><li><a class="hover:text-sky-500 dark:hover:text-sky-400" href="../../OS/2025/index.html">操作系统 (2025 春)</a></li></ul></nav></div></div></div></div></div><div class="container mx-auto max-w-5xl flex flex-col min-h-screen px-4"><div class="wiki bg-neutral-200/10"><h1>[A4] Research Proposal Revisions</h1>
<div class="box red-box"><div><span class="float-left text-4xl mr-3 mt-2">⚠️</span><span class="font-serif text-lg border-b border-slate-600"><b>Submission Deadline</b></span><div class="font-serif pt-2"><p>CST 23:59:59 Dec 22, 2023.
The deadline is firm. Submit via <a href="https://table.nju.edu.cn/dtable/forms/202d5bcb-8981-4f5a-aaee-84ddf35249c4/">this URL</a>.</p></div></div></div>
<h3>Improve Your Manuscript</h3>
<p>Revisit your research proposal with the mindset of a programmer analyzing code.
In this assignment, you (critically) refine and improve your research proposal by applying principles of “program analysis and synthesis”, with a focus on clarity, precision, and brevity.</p>
<ul>
<li>Fix any spelling or grammatical issues.</li>
<li>Improve the organization of your text, e.g., make topic sentences clearly conclude a paragraph.</li>
<li>Against Vagueness: Challenge yourself to identify any vague statements in your proposal. Rewrite your “statements” to be as specific and clear as possible, and avoid programming errors like use-without-definition.</li>
<li>Against Verbosity: Apply the principle of minimization to your writing. Eliminate redundant phrases, and any statement that does not add value to your proposal.</li>
</ul>
<p>You may ask a peer to proof-read your research proposal. After revision, your proposal should look like a serious research paper. Specifically, you should take good care of different type of readers:</p>
<ul>
<li>Junior-year undergraduates. They have some (but limited) background in programming, algorithms, and computer systems. You should try to convince them that you are trying to solve a really interesting problem with really exciting techniques.</li>
<li>Graduates, but from other areas in computer science. They can have their independent judgment of the quality of your research work.</li>
<li>Expert, but from other areas in computer science. They read a lot of papers. You should quickly impress them with your good work.</li>
<li>Your domain experts, maybe the author of a paper you cited. They are likely the most weighted reviewers in the program committee to decide whether your paper should be thrown away. They will have a quick and precise judgment of your research contributions. So don&#x27;t irritate them!</li>
</ul>
<p>Try to make your article readable to all the above audiences. Don&#x27;t worry about writing too much background-Your domain experts will skim your topic sentences and directly jump to your point. See the power of topic sentences!</p>
<p>Useful reference materials:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://jcsmith.people.clemson.edu/tips/Tips_Home.html">Writing Tips and Style Guidelines</a> (see the “general grammar” and “technical writing” parts)</li>
<li><a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Elements_of_Style">The Elements of Style</a> and <a href="https://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/">The Chicago Manual of Style (CMOS)</a></li>
<li>The friendly web (e.g., <a href="http://english.stackexchange.com">stackexchange</a>). Feel free to recommend anything to jyy!</li>
</ul>
<h3>Typeset with TeX</h3>
<p>Use the following document configurations:</p>
<pre><code class="hljs language-text">\documentclass[acmsmall,review,screen,anonymous]{acmart}
\acmConference[Introduction to SE Research]{The 2023 Introduction to Software Engineering Research at Nanjing University (ISER&#x27;23)}{2023}{Nanjing, China}
\setcopyright{none}
</code></pre>
<p>Reference format: <code>\bibliographystyle{ACM-Reference-Format}</code>.</p>
<p><strong>Important note</strong>: you should <em>put your name and affiliation (English)</em> in the <code>\author{}</code> block, such that your research proposal still looks good when <code>anonymous</code> is removed. The instructors will keep a printed proceeding. The A2&#x27;s rules still apply:</p>
<ol>
<li>Write in English.</li>
<li>Not exceed <em>six pages</em> (single-column) for the main text (including figures, tables, and appendices). Additional pages containing only references are allowed.</li>
<li>The research proposal should be <em>anonymous</em> that the author&#x27;s identity is not revealed. See the “double-anonymous review process” part of the <a href="https://conf.researchr.org/track/fse-2024/fse-2024-research-papers">FSE 2024 submission guideline</a> for more details.</li>
</ol>
<h3>Compilation Requirements</h3>
<ul>
<li>Submit a <em>zip</em>-format archive of source code. The document root should be named <code>main.tex</code> (any directory will be okay).</li>
<li>Build command: <code>latexmk -pdf main.tex</code>.</li>
</ul>
<p>Before you submit your manuscript, ensure that it can be compiled successfully by testing it with our online submission system. Please follow these steps:</p>
<ul>
<li>Create a zip archive containing all the necessary files for compilation.</li>
<li>Use the following <code>curl</code> command to upload your zip file to our server:<!-- -->
<pre><code class="hljs language-text">curl http://114.212.82.120:5000/submit -F &quot;file=@&lt;your-zip-file&gt;&quot; --output result.zip
</code></pre>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Replace <code>&lt;your-zip-file&gt;</code> with the path to your zip archive.</p>
<ul>
<li>After the upload is complete, you will receive a <code>result.zip</code> file. This archive will contain two versions of your manuscript in PDF format: one anonymous and one non-anonymous.</li>
<li>Verify that your name is correctly displayed in the non-anonymous PDF.</li>
</ul>
<p>If you encounter any issues or have questions regarding the submission process, please contact Hanzhi Liu at jm233333@outlook.com.</p>
<h3>Typeset a Beautiful Paper</h3>
<p>Try your test to create a beautiful paper. Please refer to the texdoc of <code>acmart</code> (<code>texdoc acmart</code> in command line).
<a href="http://jcsmith.people.clemson.edu/tips/LaTeX.html">Here</a> is a link to common LaTeX issues. You may also find beautiful papers in POPL/PLDI/OOPSLA/ECOOP.
Another source to learn typesetting is from preprint sources on <a href="http://arxiv.org">arXiv</a>.</p></div></div><div class="bg-neutral-100 text-center text-neutral-600 dark:bg-neutral-600 dark:text-neutral-200 lg:text-left"><div class="bg-neutral-200 p-6 text-center dark:bg-neutral-700"><a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/">Creative Commons License: BY-NC 4.0</a><br/><a href="https://beian.miit.gov.cn/">苏 ICP 备 2020049101 号</a></div></div></div></div><script id="__NEXT_DATA__" type="application/json">{"props":{"pageProps":{"source":{"compiledSource":"/*@jsxRuntime automatic @jsxImportSource react*/\nconst {Fragment: _Fragment, jsx: _jsx, jsxs: _jsxs} = arguments[0];\nconst {useMDXComponents: _provideComponents} = arguments[0];\nfunction _createMdxContent(props) {\n  const _components = Object.assign({\n    h1: \"h1\",\n    p: \"p\",\n    a: \"a\",\n    h3: \"h3\",\n    ul: \"ul\",\n    li: \"li\",\n    pre: \"pre\",\n    code: \"code\",\n    strong: \"strong\",\n    em: \"em\",\n    ol: \"ol\"\n  }, _provideComponents(), props.components), {Box} = _components;\n  if (!Box) _missingMdxReference(\"Box\", true);\n  return _jsxs(_Fragment, {\n    children: [_jsx(_components.h1, {\n      children: \"[A4] Research Proposal Revisions\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(Box, {\n      title: \"Submission Deadline\",\n      logo: \"⚠️\",\n      children: _jsxs(_components.p, {\n        children: [\"CST 23:59:59 Dec 22, 2023.\\nThe deadline is firm. Submit via \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"https://table.nju.edu.cn/dtable/forms/202d5bcb-8981-4f5a-aaee-84ddf35249c4/\",\n          children: \"this URL\"\n        }), \".\"]\n      })\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h3, {\n      children: \"Improve Your Manuscript\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Revisit your research proposal with the mindset of a programmer analyzing code.\\nIn this assignment, you (critically) refine and improve your research proposal by applying principles of “program analysis and synthesis”, with a focus on clarity, precision, and brevity.\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ul, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Fix any spelling or grammatical issues.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Improve the organization of your text, e.g., make topic sentences clearly conclude a paragraph.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Against Vagueness: Challenge yourself to identify any vague statements in your proposal. Rewrite your “statements” to be as specific and clear as possible, and avoid programming errors like use-without-definition.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Against Verbosity: Apply the principle of minimization to your writing. Eliminate redundant phrases, and any statement that does not add value to your proposal.\"\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"You may ask a peer to proof-read your research proposal. After revision, your proposal should look like a serious research paper. Specifically, you should take good care of different type of readers:\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ul, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Junior-year undergraduates. They have some (but limited) background in programming, algorithms, and computer systems. You should try to convince them that you are trying to solve a really interesting problem with really exciting techniques.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Graduates, but from other areas in computer science. They can have their independent judgment of the quality of your research work.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Expert, but from other areas in computer science. They read a lot of papers. You should quickly impress them with your good work.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Your domain experts, maybe the author of a paper you cited. They are likely the most weighted reviewers in the program committee to decide whether your paper should be thrown away. They will have a quick and precise judgment of your research contributions. So don't irritate them!\"\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Try to make your article readable to all the above audiences. Don't worry about writing too much background-Your domain experts will skim your topic sentences and directly jump to your point. See the power of topic sentences!\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Useful reference materials:\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ul, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [_jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"http://jcsmith.people.clemson.edu/tips/Tips_Home.html\",\n          children: \"Writing Tips and Style Guidelines\"\n        }), \" (see the “general grammar” and “technical writing” parts)\"]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [_jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Elements_of_Style\",\n          children: \"The Elements of Style\"\n        }), \" and \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"https://www.chicagomanualofstyle.org/\",\n          children: \"The Chicago Manual of Style (CMOS)\"\n        })]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"The friendly web (e.g., \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"http://english.stackexchange.com\",\n          children: \"stackexchange\"\n        }), \"). Feel free to recommend anything to jyy!\"]\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h3, {\n      children: \"Typeset with TeX\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Use the following document configurations:\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.pre, {\n      children: _jsx(_components.code, {\n        className: \"hljs language-text\",\n        children: \"\\\\documentclass[acmsmall,review,screen,anonymous]{acmart}\\n\\\\acmConference[Introduction to SE Research]{The 2023 Introduction to Software Engineering Research at Nanjing University (ISER'23)}{2023}{Nanjing, China}\\n\\\\setcopyright{none}\\n\"\n      })\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.p, {\n      children: [\"Reference format: \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n        children: \"\\\\bibliographystyle{ACM-Reference-Format}\"\n      }), \".\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.p, {\n      children: [_jsx(_components.strong, {\n        children: \"Important note\"\n      }), \": you should \", _jsx(_components.em, {\n        children: \"put your name and affiliation (English)\"\n      }), \" in the \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n        children: \"\\\\author{}\"\n      }), \" block, such that your research proposal still looks good when \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n        children: \"anonymous\"\n      }), \" is removed. The instructors will keep a printed proceeding. The A2's rules still apply:\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ol, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Write in English.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"Not exceed \", _jsx(_components.em, {\n          children: \"six pages\"\n        }), \" (single-column) for the main text (including figures, tables, and appendices). Additional pages containing only references are allowed.\"]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"The research proposal should be \", _jsx(_components.em, {\n          children: \"anonymous\"\n        }), \" that the author's identity is not revealed. See the “double-anonymous review process” part of the \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"https://conf.researchr.org/track/fse-2024/fse-2024-research-papers\",\n          children: \"FSE 2024 submission guideline\"\n        }), \" for more details.\"]\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h3, {\n      children: \"Compilation Requirements\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ul, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"Submit a \", _jsx(_components.em, {\n          children: \"zip\"\n        }), \"-format archive of source code. The document root should be named \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n          children: \"main.tex\"\n        }), \" (any directory will be okay).\"]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"Build command: \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n          children: \"latexmk -pdf main.tex\"\n        }), \".\"]\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Before you submit your manuscript, ensure that it can be compiled successfully by testing it with our online submission system. Please follow these steps:\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ul, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Create a zip archive containing all the necessary files for compilation.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"Use the following \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n          children: \"curl\"\n        }), \" command to upload your zip file to our server:\", \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.pre, {\n          children: _jsx(_components.code, {\n            className: \"hljs language-text\",\n            children: \"curl http://114.212.82.120:5000/submit -F \\\"file=@\u003cyour-zip-file\u003e\\\" --output result.zip\\n\"\n          })\n        }), \"\\n\"]\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.p, {\n      children: [\"Replace \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n        children: \"\u003cyour-zip-file\u003e\"\n      }), \" with the path to your zip archive.\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ul, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"After the upload is complete, you will receive a \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n          children: \"result.zip\"\n        }), \" file. This archive will contain two versions of your manuscript in PDF format: one anonymous and one non-anonymous.\"]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Verify that your name is correctly displayed in the non-anonymous PDF.\"\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"If you encounter any issues or have questions regarding the submission process, please contact Hanzhi Liu at jm233333@outlook.com.\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h3, {\n      children: \"Typeset a Beautiful Paper\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.p, {\n      children: [\"Try your test to create a beautiful paper. Please refer to the texdoc of \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n        children: \"acmart\"\n      }), \" (\", _jsx(_components.code, {\n        children: \"texdoc acmart\"\n      }), \" in command line).\\n\", _jsx(_components.a, {\n        href: \"http://jcsmith.people.clemson.edu/tips/LaTeX.html\",\n        children: \"Here\"\n      }), \" is a link to common LaTeX issues. You may also find beautiful papers in POPL/PLDI/OOPSLA/ECOOP.\\nAnother source to learn typesetting is from preprint sources on \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n        href: \"http://arxiv.org\",\n        children: \"arXiv\"\n      }), \".\"]\n    })]\n  });\n}\nfunction MDXContent(props = {}) {\n  const {wrapper: MDXLayout} = Object.assign({}, _provideComponents(), props.components);\n  return MDXLayout ? _jsx(MDXLayout, Object.assign({}, props, {\n    children: _jsx(_createMdxContent, props)\n  })) : _createMdxContent(props);\n}\nreturn {\n  default: MDXContent\n};\nfunction _missingMdxReference(id, component) {\n  throw new Error(\"Expected \" + (component ? \"component\" : \"object\") + \" `\" + id + \"` to be defined: you likely forgot to import, pass, or provide it.\");\n}\n","frontmatter":{},"scope":{}},"frontmatter":{}},"__N_SSG":true},"page":"/[[...index]]","query":{"index":["ISER","2023","A4.md"]},"buildId":"a2FwJzUPGFGc0QcwaUr13","isFallback":false,"gsp":true,"scriptLoader":[]}</script></body></html>