<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/><title>Yanyan&#x27;s Wiki</title><link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/katex@0.16.9/dist/katex.min.css"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/highlight.js/11.6.0/styles/default.min.css"/><meta name="next-head-count" content="5"/><link rel="preload" href="../../_next/static/css/e993edd6a18ef4f0.css" as="style"/><link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_next/static/css/e993edd6a18ef4f0.css" data-n-g=""/><noscript data-n-css=""></noscript><script defer="" nomodule="" src="../../_next/static/chunks/polyfills-c67a75d1b6f99dc8.js"></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/webpack-f73d82589f972e7d.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/framework-66d32731bdd20e83.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/main-3929bf55b0f13a18.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/pages/_app-00b06920b385caf1.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/chunks/pages/[[...index]]-877ec949b69be209.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/a2FwJzUPGFGc0QcwaUr13/_buildManifest.js" defer=""></script><script src="../../_next/static/a2FwJzUPGFGc0QcwaUr13/_ssgManifest.js" defer=""></script></head><body><div id="__next"><div class="bg-slate-300/10"><div class="sticky top-0 z-40 w-full backdrop-blur flex-none border-b border-slate-900/10 bg-white/75 supports-backdrop-blur:bg-white/60"><div class="max-w-8xl mx-auto"><div class="py-4 border-b border-slate-900/10 lg:px-8 lg:border-0 dark:border-slate-300/10 mx-4 lg:mx-0"><div class="relative flex items-center"><a href="../../index.html">Yanyan&#x27;s wiki</a><form class="text-xs text-slate-500"> for <input type="text" name="token" class="font-mono text-xs w-16" maxLength="8"/></form><div class="relative hidden lg:flex items-center ml-4 pl-4 border-l"><nav class="text-sm leading-6 font-semibold text-slate-700 dark:text-slate-200"><ul class="flex space-x-8"><li><a class="hover:text-sky-500 dark:hover:text-sky-400" href="../../OS/2025/index.html">操作系统 (2025 春)</a></li></ul></nav></div></div></div></div></div><div class="container mx-auto max-w-5xl flex flex-col min-h-screen px-4"><div class="wiki bg-neutral-200/10"><h1>[A3] Research Proposal (Draft)</h1>
<div class="box red-box"><div><span class="float-left text-4xl mr-3 mt-2">⚠️</span><span class="font-serif text-lg border-b border-slate-600"><b>Submission Deadline</b></span><div class="font-serif pt-2"><p>CST 23:59:59 Nov 14, 2024.
The deadline is firm. Submit via <a href="https://table.nju.edu.cn/dtable/forms/be9525f6-3066-425d-8163-e93e93d9ea05/">this URL</a>.</p></div></div></div>
<p>Write a research proposal about your current research project. It should include the background, motivation, plan, and expected (or preliminary) outcomes of your research. This assignment focuses on the contents of the paper.</p>
<h2>Instructions</h2>
<p>Read the <a href="https://conf.researchr.org/track/fse-2025/fse-2025-research-papers">Call for Papers of FSE&#x27;25</a>. Additional requirements for this research proposal are:</p>
<ol>
<li>Write in English. Use the primary ACM article template (<em>single-column</em>). Use <code>\documentclass[acmsmall,screen,anonymous]{acmart}</code>: do <red>NOT</red> use <code>review</code> option.</li>
<li>All proposals <em>must not exceed six pages</em> (single-column) for the main text (including figures, tables, and appendices). Additional pages containing only references are allowed.</li>
<li>The research proposal should be <red>anonymous</red> that the author&#x27;s identity is not revealed. Please also refer to the FSE&#x27;25 call for papers.</li>
</ol>
<p>Submissions should strictly conform to the formatting guidelines. Any submission violating the guidelines will be <em>desk rejected</em>. Violations include exceeding page limit, using a wrong template, alternation of spacing/font size. Desk rejection results in a “fail” in this assignment.</p>
<h2>What is a Research Proposal?</h2>
<p>A research proposal is a preliminary version of a research paper. Your research proposal may not include every details involved in solving a research problem. However, it should clearly describe the background, motivation, and plan of your research. A typical research proposal consists of:</p>
<ol>
<li>Abstract (100-200 words).</li>
<li>Introduction (usually less than 1 page) to overview your paper. You don&#x27;t need to provide many details in the introduction. But you should try your best to make any relevant reader interested in your paper.</li>
<li>Preliminary literature review or related work to help the reader understand state of the art.</li>
<li>Problem formulation. Always beware that the problem is much more important than your solution.</li>
<li>Research plan or methodology.</li>
<li>Preliminary results or expected outcomes, if you have any.</li>
<li>Discussions, e.g., threats that may lead to failure of your research.</li>
<li>Conclusion (also short).</li>
</ol>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<p>Abstract, introduction, and conclusion are mandatory in your research proposal.
Other parts can have a flexible organization:</p>
<ol>
<li>Discussions can be placed within the preliminary results;</li>
<li>Literature review or related work can be placed after the discussions;</li>
<li>...</li>
</ol>
<p>No matter your research proposal organization, try your best to make your proposal readable to a broad spectrum of readers (not only expert readers in your field). You may search the Web for more information about writing a research proposal.</p></div></div><div class="bg-neutral-100 text-center text-neutral-600 dark:bg-neutral-600 dark:text-neutral-200 lg:text-left"><div class="bg-neutral-200 p-6 text-center dark:bg-neutral-700"><a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/">Creative Commons License: BY-NC 4.0</a><br/><a href="https://beian.miit.gov.cn/">苏 ICP 备 2020049101 号</a></div></div></div></div><script id="__NEXT_DATA__" type="application/json">{"props":{"pageProps":{"source":{"compiledSource":"/*@jsxRuntime automatic @jsxImportSource react*/\nconst {Fragment: _Fragment, jsx: _jsx, jsxs: _jsxs} = arguments[0];\nconst {useMDXComponents: _provideComponents} = arguments[0];\nfunction _createMdxContent(props) {\n  const _components = Object.assign({\n    h1: \"h1\",\n    p: \"p\",\n    a: \"a\",\n    h2: \"h2\",\n    ol: \"ol\",\n    li: \"li\",\n    em: \"em\",\n    code: \"code\",\n    h3: \"h3\"\n  }, _provideComponents(), props.components), {Box} = _components;\n  if (!Box) _missingMdxReference(\"Box\", true);\n  return _jsxs(_Fragment, {\n    children: [_jsx(_components.h1, {\n      children: \"[A3] Research Proposal (Draft)\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(Box, {\n      title: \"Submission Deadline\",\n      logo: \"⚠️\",\n      children: _jsxs(_components.p, {\n        children: [\"CST 23:59:59 Nov 14, 2024.\\nThe deadline is firm. Submit via \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n          href: \"https://table.nju.edu.cn/dtable/forms/be9525f6-3066-425d-8163-e93e93d9ea05/\",\n          children: \"this URL\"\n        }), \".\"]\n      })\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Write a research proposal about your current research project. It should include the background, motivation, plan, and expected (or preliminary) outcomes of your research. This assignment focuses on the contents of the paper.\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h2, {\n      children: \"Instructions\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.p, {\n      children: [\"Read the \", _jsx(_components.a, {\n        href: \"https://conf.researchr.org/track/fse-2025/fse-2025-research-papers\",\n        children: \"Call for Papers of FSE'25\"\n      }), \". Additional requirements for this research proposal are:\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ol, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"Write in English. Use the primary ACM article template (\", _jsx(_components.em, {\n          children: \"single-column\"\n        }), \"). Use \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n          children: \"\\\\documentclass[acmsmall,screen,anonymous]{acmart}\"\n        }), \": do \", _jsx(\"red\", {\n          children: \"NOT\"\n        }), \" use \", _jsx(_components.code, {\n          children: \"review\"\n        }), \" option.\"]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"All proposals \", _jsx(_components.em, {\n          children: \"must not exceed six pages\"\n        }), \" (single-column) for the main text (including figures, tables, and appendices). Additional pages containing only references are allowed.\"]\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.li, {\n        children: [\"The research proposal should be \", _jsx(\"red\", {\n          children: \"anonymous\"\n        }), \" that the author's identity is not revealed. Please also refer to the FSE'25 call for papers.\"]\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.p, {\n      children: [\"Submissions should strictly conform to the formatting guidelines. Any submission violating the guidelines will be \", _jsx(_components.em, {\n        children: \"desk rejected\"\n      }), \". Violations include exceeding page limit, using a wrong template, alternation of spacing/font size. Desk rejection results in a “fail” in this assignment.\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h2, {\n      children: \"What is a Research Proposal?\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"A research proposal is a preliminary version of a research paper. Your research proposal may not include every details involved in solving a research problem. However, it should clearly describe the background, motivation, and plan of your research. A typical research proposal consists of:\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ol, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Abstract (100-200 words).\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Introduction (usually less than 1 page) to overview your paper. You don't need to provide many details in the introduction. But you should try your best to make any relevant reader interested in your paper.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Preliminary literature review or related work to help the reader understand state of the art.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Problem formulation. Always beware that the problem is much more important than your solution.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Research plan or methodology.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Preliminary results or expected outcomes, if you have any.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Discussions, e.g., threats that may lead to failure of your research.\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Conclusion (also short).\"\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.h3, {\n      children: \"Notes\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"Abstract, introduction, and conclusion are mandatory in your research proposal.\\nOther parts can have a flexible organization:\"\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsxs(_components.ol, {\n      children: [\"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Discussions can be placed within the preliminary results;\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"Literature review or related work can be placed after the discussions;\"\n      }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.li, {\n        children: \"...\"\n      }), \"\\n\"]\n    }), \"\\n\", _jsx(_components.p, {\n      children: \"No matter your research proposal organization, try your best to make your proposal readable to a broad spectrum of readers (not only expert readers in your field). You may search the Web for more information about writing a research proposal.\"\n    })]\n  });\n}\nfunction MDXContent(props = {}) {\n  const {wrapper: MDXLayout} = Object.assign({}, _provideComponents(), props.components);\n  return MDXLayout ? _jsx(MDXLayout, Object.assign({}, props, {\n    children: _jsx(_createMdxContent, props)\n  })) : _createMdxContent(props);\n}\nreturn {\n  default: MDXContent\n};\nfunction _missingMdxReference(id, component) {\n  throw new Error(\"Expected \" + (component ? \"component\" : \"object\") + \" `\" + id + \"` to be defined: you likely forgot to import, pass, or provide it.\");\n}\n","frontmatter":{},"scope":{}},"frontmatter":{}},"__N_SSG":true},"page":"/[[...index]]","query":{"index":["ISER","2024","A3.md"]},"buildId":"a2FwJzUPGFGc0QcwaUr13","isFallback":false,"gsp":true,"scriptLoader":[]}</script></body></html>